Cache `gem install fontist`, cache `~/.fontist`, and add semver support (#6)
fontist/setup-fontist: README.md

      - run: fontist install "Fira Code"
```

**⚠️ This action takes a while** (~1 minute). There's currently **no caching**. [Caching is planned for the future.](#TODO)
💡 You can use `fontist manifest-install manifest.yml` to install fonts listed in a manifest file similar to `package.json`, `requirements.txt`, and `Cargo.toml`.

### Inputs

> - **`setup-ruby`:** Whether or not to run [ruby/setup-ruby](https://github.com/ruby/setup-ruby) or to assume that the user has supplied an appropriate global Ruby installation. Defaults to `true`. Set this to `false` to provide your own custom Ruby installation.

Reviewer: I think the usage on docker containers will also apply to `node` since it's unclear whether a `node` environment would exist... Let's consider this a future enhancement.

- **`fontist-token`:** The GitHub token to use when fetching the version list from fontist/fontist. You shouldn't have to touch this. The default is the `github.token` if you're on github.com or unauthenticated (rate limited) if you're not on github.com.

- **`cache`:** Whether or not to use [@actions/cache](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@actions/cache) to cache things in the GitHub workflow cache. This is enabled by default.

- **`cache-dependency-path`:** A multiline list of globs to use to derive the `~/.fontist` cache key. The default is `manifest.yml` and `manifest.yaml`. If no files are matched at runtime then the `~/.fontist` folder will not be cached.

### Outputs

- **`fontist-version`:** The version of Fontist that was installed. This will be something like `1.10.0` or similar.

> - **`cache-hit`:** Whether or not Fontist was restored from the runner's cache or download anew.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **`cache-hit`:** Whether or not Fontist was restored from the runner's cache or downloaded a new one.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`cache-hit`:** Whether or not Fontist was restored from the runner's cache or newly downloaded.
```

Reviewer: Easier to understand for folks not familiar with "anew".
